Hello, I'm Christoph Schumacher from Bosch eBike Systems.
Today we are in Stuttgart at the Sparkassen Mountain Bike Festival.
Bosch eBike Systems
at the Sparkassen Mountainbike Festival 2014
Sabine Spitz
Mountainbike Olympic Champion
The Ebike Race was a very interesting experience
and also a lot of fun.
Especially the acceleration when you pedal.
Everyone who took a seat on an ebike and rode
around with it was thrilled.
At the Ebike Race in Stuttgart, we had a lot
of tight corners.
You needed to decelerate again and again,
almost to zero, and then speed up again.
The ebike fully demonstrated its strengths.
It was a great experience.
I like to use the ebike when I am training
downhill techniques.
This gives me the chance to get up the mountain
while expending very little energy.
I trained this way a lot in 2012.
And that worked out very well for the Olympics
in London.